Make it possible to predefine password for SCRAM-SHA users (#5217)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.25.0

> * Allow providing custom password for SCRAM-SHA-512 users by referencing a secret in the `KafkaUser` resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow a custom password to be provided for SCRAM-SHA-512 users by referencing a secret in the `KafkaUser` resource
```
